You are Mr. Liu of the Liu Group, right?
It doesn't matter who I am
The important thing is that you and I both want to get rid of the ugliness.
Humph
I'm not that stupid
What's in it for me to work with you?
I can help you regain the Xu family
Control of Longtai Group
Then you
The general manager
What can you do?
Stocks are of course stocks
The market group is rare enough to hold more than 60% of the shares
I'm forcing him to cash out and destroy my funds
You and I teamed up to take on all the retail investors in the market
You have Xu Group's absolute control of more than 50%
Okay, let's do it.
At that time, I will let Xu Dao play the leader
Get out of here with his daughter
Happy cooperation
Dad Yang Xu just left
What should I do if I lack funds?
I don't want to live up to the Zhao family's winning streak
The best option now is to sell the shares
withdraw funds
How much does it cost?
declare shares